c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\obj\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.pdb
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactList.Data.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactList.Data.pdb
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.pdb
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\obj\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.dll
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\obj\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.pdb
c:\users\balvarez\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SimpleContactListWebAPI\ContactListWeb.API.Tests\bin\Debug\ContactListWeb.API.Tests.dll.config
